morning everybody starting off in a car
today with my seatbelt
with sensei not the gym today today's
rest day but where we are is we are at
the post office I cannot find the P o
box keys so I need a you know an
attorney we have to pay for like and I
don't oh yeah - we're pulling on the
phase house keys though because I don't
know where the other one way I'm
probably to keep out of my wallet or
something yeah I'm gonna get the appeal
box mailed right now what the absolute
this is all fan mail guys literally this
is all fan mail this is crazy
look at this that's so much you gotta
like whoever made this you're the man or
the girl I just oh boy a card it's
almost kills me but yo this is crazy
thank you guys for sending all this
stuff with fan mail it's crazy it's a
key phrase most Opie fans of all time
that is crazy that is actually crazy if
you filled up an entire truck with shit
is there all the entire back is filled
up I'm under there there's a bunch it's
crazy it's like at least hundreds it's
crazy
yeah there's so much fan there's so much
fuckin mail and uh we asked her to order
new key because yeah I wall I mean yeah
I lost the other two key I don't I did
but they were on my table not they're
gonna they're gonna order two more and
we'll get them in a couple weeks but
because I'll go through the fan mail
stuff because they know us and like they
don't care they listen whatever we want
cuz they know us so much you guys are
fucking over power - shit shit chats
raindrops red militia out here since
they drops we out here boy me and sensei
just got haircuts that we hero son sighs
fresh eyes mohawk I thought my keeping
you wanted to lose it what do you guys
think yeah I think you should personally
keep the mohawk thing I like it on my
personally I think you look like it were
God to have a retard already know it's
busy day my life since you guys know I
don't lie where you thought where you
think we are retro way how many way my
hair kind of make it all make - Chuckie
Cheese - that I don't know I think it's
a and I'm not too sure guys they will
only be uploading a vlog today I may be
uploading on any videos I'm kind of over
it no I'm not over but I miss on the
mood right now honestly
huh la Lamborghini la Lincoln Navigator
I just walked into a spider web guy just
walked into a spider web but said say
because a bottom food he's gonna be
unloading that I'm really not trying to
unload this car like I will do anything
in life but I'm really right trying to
unload this car you know what here I got
so I think the biggest box and say this
one yeah this one's mine who's it for do
I even need a look
Norden quickscope I'm not able to show
you guys this real quick
this is fucking hilarious you put it
under Northern quick what a great kid
look at this guy's
look at a blur blur blur here we go
little queasy sentence too right there
they're gonna show his address no I hope
not
look at that look at that northern good
scope Chad now obviously that's the
address because wants them to fanmail
obviously not our addresses just uh oh
boy stuff stuck in the mouth ah okay
just together untier we got the car ran
bats
the car ran bits like a black pearl
right here okay let's open this up what
do you think it's a guy sent this
actually I don't even know what the fuck
is this what the hell is this one second
let's figure this out what the hell oh
my god this is so funny this is so funny
I hope apex was like this because you
know how those big boy potties can be
scary for somebody so short oh my
goodness dude he got him a fucking party
that is so funny oh my god that's great
that's a great product thank you I
appreciate it
oh my god fragile canvas inside let me
open this one to your face it says I
apologize for any grammar mistakes dear
phase rain and adapt please put this in
your video oh my god it's a long ass
letter but there's a canvas inside I'm
not too sure what's inside here keep
your feet in for me and adapt look at
this rain adapt that's awesome look at
that
he proceeded for me in a doubt that's so
cool he said I love it I love it so much
Jesus Christ Nathan you're the best if
not Norton please send PSR which is
adapt oh I can figure that out okay but
good job dude that's awesome
and you know ignore the whiteout on a
wood whiteout I'm looking for it now oh
I see it now man I don't even noticed it
now now I realize that but no adapting
to be back at the house really student
somebody's here I'll just give it to him
what he's here so Fanus came with a
house and it's one that he said you know
you notice to my tweet she's like you
know I don't even have a bad day so I
made you something and it's literally
the great like it literally cheered me
up instantly so thank you Peyton
you're the best him as well or Ashton
cake they were like on the way the
Niagara Falls I told me what a
Copacabana best steakhouse that what the
fuck this is the best shirt I've ever
seen in my entire life literally great
literally great thank you so much pain
you're awesome
and dance once you're watching the vlog
on this vlog this pretty much let me go
to the PIO box and pote lay back it
opens up famine but it's pretty cool
overall dance response video see you
guys in the next video it is when you're
born so everything's to keep real tough
enjoy peace everybody say bye sensei yes
oh yeah I said bye and say peace who's
read militia face with us